C) The personal computing revolution and philosophy o
f disruptive innovation of Silicon Valley grew, in pa
rt, out of the creations of the Homebrew Computer Club
, which was founded in a garage in Menlo Park, Califo
rnia, in the mid-1970s. Members-including guys named
Jobs and Wozniak-started making and inventing things
they couldn't buy.

D) So it's no surprise that the Maker Movement today
is thriving in communities and some schools across Am
erica. Making is available to ordinary people who are
n't tied to big companies, big defense labs or resear
ch universities. The maker philosophy echoes old idea
s advocated by John Dewey, Montessori, and even ancie
nt Greek philosophers, as we pointed out recently.

E) These maker spaces are often outside of classrooms
, and are serving an important educational function.
The Maker Movement is rediscovering learning by doing
, which is Dewey's phrase from 100 years ago. We are
rediscovering Dewey and Montessori and a lot of the p
ractices that they pioneered that have been forgotten
 or at least put aside. A maker space is a place whic
 h can be in a school, but it doesn't look like a cla
 ssroom. It can be in a library. It can be out in the
  community. It has tools and materials. It's a place
   where you get to make things based on your interest
    and on what you, re learning to do.

F) Ideas about learning by doing have struggled to
become mainstream educationally, despite being old
concepts from Dewey and Montessori, Plato and
Aristotle, and in the American context, Ralph Emerson,
 on the value of experience and self-reliance. It's
 not necessarily an efficient way to learn. We learn,
 in a sense, by trial and error. Learning from
 experience is something that takes time and patience.
  It's very individualized. If your goal is to have
  standardized approaches to learning, where everybody
   learns the same thing at the same time in the same
    way, then learning by doing doesn't really fit
    that mold anymore. It's not the world of textbooks. It's not the world of testing.